README.md, before:

# EchOS 0.2 Preview
EchOS software update/install page for computers compatible with EchOS. Download the installer to continue with proper setup. (Only works on Linux x64 for now; ARM64 support coming in EchOS+ Full 0.4 Linux build.)

# Bugs found
[Update_Util] Common case of not detecting "Up to Date" and continuing to update

Other small bug fixes

# Next Preview (EchOS 0.2 [Preview0.164.5]) will have these features:

Bug fixes (see above)

Desktop UI (in development)

Window UI

# Credits and release details

✧ EchOS Sys_Files


UI: CoreV2.8o
Programing: Echo Inc,
Released by RoboLabs LLC & @redford_p

RoboLabs LLC Website: https://robolabs.w3spaces.com


# Builds:

Future Premium Builds will be released on the RoboLabs Website.

✦ EchOS Home (Free)

✦ EchOS Home+ (Free) (may include fees)

EchOS 4

✦ EchOS Home Platinum (~$1.99)

✦ EchOS Pro Lite (~$2.99)


EchOS 2.2

✦ EchOS Pro (~$4.99)

✦ EchOS Pro U (~$9.99)

EchOS x1.1

✦ EchOS U (~$11.99)

EchOS 1

✦ EchOS Dev (Free, In-House)

✦ EchOS DevBeta ($Varies)

✦ EchOS DevAlpha ($Varies, In-House)


✦ RingOS Full (Linux-Based) (Free) (Coming in EchOS o0.2)

Other Premium Builds Coming Soon.

Commit message:

Update README for EchOS 0.3 Preview
Updated version number and added notes about upcoming features and alpha request.

README.md, after:

# EchOS 0.3 Preview (Coming Soon!)
EchOS software update/install page for computers compatible with EchOS. Download the installer to continue with proper setup. (Only works on Linux x64 for now; ARM64 support coming in EchOS+ Full 0.4 Linux build.)

# Bugs found

[Install_Util] VERY UNSTABLE!! It's highly likely that you will need to REINSTALL when you update. Until future notice, press the update with caution. If the software doesnt start, run the newly installed Backup OS

# Next Preview (EchOS 0.3.1) will have these features:

Bug fixes (see above)

Desktop UI (in development)

Window UI (Already Integrated... but hidden)

# Alpha Requesting Avaiable!!

Contact me at robolabsllc@gmail.com for BETA Accsess. 

Required:
 * Turbowarp Knowledge.
 * Promise not to edit EchoBIOS or EchOS Shell scripts.
 * Be honest and responsible.
 * Github Account.

To Request file changes, give me a pull request!

Don't abuse your granted permissions, if you pass the requirements!

# Credits and release details

✧ EchOS Sys_Files


UI: CoreV3o
Programing: Echo Inc,
Released by RoboLabs LLC & @redford_p

RoboLabs LLC Website: https://robolabs.w3spaces.com (NOT TOO MANY REQUESTS!! ALREADY I AM GETTING 3.3K Requests on a 500 Request PLAN!!)


# Builds:

Future Premium Builds will be released on the RoboLabs Website.

✦ EchOS Home (Free)

✦ EchOS Home+ (Free) (may include fees)

EchOS 4

✦ EchOS Home Platinum (~$1.99)

✦ EchOS Pro Lite (~$2.99)


EchOS 2.2

✦ EchOS Pro (~$4.99)

✦ EchOS Pro U (~$9.99)

EchOS x1.1

✦ EchOS U (~$11.99)

EchOS 1

✦ EchOS Dev (Free, In-House)

✦ EchOS DevBeta ($Varies)

✦ EchOS DevAlpha ($Varies, In-House)


✦ RingOS Full (Linux-Based) (Free) (Coming in EchOS o0.2)

Other Premium Builds Coming Soon.
